

Supreme Court Rules Against Cuomo’s Coronavirus Limits – Upholds the Constitution 
Governors can override Constitutional Rights on a whim with an Executive Edict. 
This week in a 5-4 decision, the Supreme Court nullified an attack on our Constitutional rights concerning religious liberties. Governor Cuomo of New York activated a color codes system of restrictions that would limit the number of people attending religious services while opening up liquor stores and other retail establishments with much more lax regulations. Cuomo’s actions are an attack against our Constitutional Rights; this is an attack against our religious freedom; this is another attack by the liberal left against religion.
While I am delighted that the Supreme Court overturned Cuomo’s restriction scheme, how come only 5-4? What is the other four thinking? What was Cuomo thinking, for that matter? Well, Cuomo might be a bit easier to figure out. His job is to make the people who voted for him happy. These would be the same group that violently protested in the streets during the election; the people that attacked older people who supported another party; the people who attacked and vandalized churches. 
Justice Gorsuch Opinion
“It is time — past time — to make plain that, while the pandemic poses many grave challenges, there is no world in which the Constitution tolerates color-coded executive edicts that reopen liquor stores and bike shops but shutter churches, synagogues, and mosques.”
The ACLU and others chimed in to support Cuomo’s restrictions, saying that worship places are treated better than other establishments. They apparently did not read the restrictions and apply them in real life. This is another case of the liberal left saying what they want you to believe regardless of the truth, knowing that a lie can become fact if they say it enough times. 
Is Governor Cuomo becoming the Democratic version of Trump? 

https://www.foxnews.com/us/supreme-court-rules-against-cuomos-coronavirus-limits-with-barrett-playing-key-role 

